# Change log for kotlinx-knit

## Version 0.5.0

* Dokka and Kotlin updated to 1.9.10 and 1.9.21.

## Version 0.5.0-Beta

* Dokka and Kotlin updated to 1.8.10 (#56).

## Version 0.4.0

* Dokka and Kotlin updated to 1.6.10 (#40).
* Line separators are unified between across platforms (#37).
* `knitCheck` task no longer generates TOC (#36).
* Knit no longer prevents up-to-date checks (#22, #34).

## Version 0.3.0

* Support new Dokka multi-module structure.

## Version 0.2.3

* Additional newlines are added between `INDEX` directives.

## Version 0.2.2

* Warn on markdown reference case conflicts (#20).
* Support consistent function disambiguation using `name()` syntax and additional `_name` prefix for names with 
  the lowercase first letters. This way, you can refer to `CoroutineScope` class, `CoroutineScope()` function,
  and `_coroutineScope` function from the same file without ambiguities. 

## Version 0.2.1

* Support new Dokka (1.4.0+) links format  

## Version 0.2.0

* **Knit Kotlin source (`.kt`/`.kts`) files**.
  * Directives can used after `//` comments or after `*` in KDocs.
* Explicit `KNIT` directive as an alternative to `(example-xxx.kt)` link to trigger example generation.
* Name pattern supported in the `PREFIX` directive. 
* The `SUFFIX` directive introduced.
* Back-to-back directives in a single comment block with `---- <directive>` to continue with the next one.
* Fixed: consistently skip unsupported symbols in TOC links (see #14).

## Version 0.1.6

* Support 'PREFIX' directive to append code to the beginning of the example file.

## Version 0.1.5

* Support `html` output format of Dokka.
* Support docs that are generated by the root project.

## Version 0.1.4

* Support `TEST LINE_START`.

## Version 0.1.3

* Kotlin 1.3.70.
* Set JVM target to 1.6.

## Version 0.1.2

* Configure default version resolution for 'kotlinx-knit-test'.
* Fixed 'check' task lookup.

## Version 0.1.1

* Added fully-qualified plugin id `org.jetbrains.kotlinx.knit`.
* Added MavenCentral metadata to all publications.

## Version 0.1.0

* Initial release.
